The University of Western Australia
All UWA
Search
Life at UWA
Accommodation
Arts and culture
Clubs and societies
Sport and fitness
Student Guild
Study abroad
UWA
Life at UWA
Accommodation
UWAMBH0122_7 (1).jpg
Accommodation at UWA 
Choosing accommodation is a big decision 
At The University of Western Australia, we believe your living experience plays a vital role in your academic journey. That’s why Student Living is here to guide and support you in finding the right place to live—whether you're studying at Crawley, Albany, or one of our regional campuses.

We offer a diverse range of accommodation options to suit different needs, preferences, and budgets—whether you’re a domestic or international student, undergraduate or postgraduate, arriving solo or with family. From residential colleges and university-managed housing to trusted off-campus partners, Student Living is your central source of information and support.

Contact us
Arriving with Family
The rental market in Perth is competitive for both local and international residents. UWA has limited suitable accommodation options for students or staff arriving with families. It is therefore strongly recommended that you arrange accommodation before arriving in Perth and commencing at UWA.

It is advised to book temporary accommodation for at least one month upon arrival while you search for longer-term housing.

Image of student sitting together in a dinning hall
Live at UWA
Living at UWA offers more than just a place to stay - it's truly life-changing. Feel safe, supported and empowered as you discover new perspectives, make lifelong connections, and immerse yourself in lively social events. 

Practical perks are in place, like cleaning, onsite laundry facilities and meals, to help you perfectly balance study and fun while living close to UWA. Every day here is an opportunity to grow and create unforgettable memories. 

Find out more
GettyImages-540379622.jpg
Live off campus
Prefer to live more independently? Looking to explore alternative options before joining the Live at UWA Community? UWA works closely with trusted external providers to offer Student Accommodation in Perth City, homestays, and private rentals. Whether you want to be in the heart of Perth city or closer to family, Living Off Campus with UWA-endorsed partners ensures safety, reliability, and a connection to the UWA community.

Discover Perth accommodation
DSC09513.jpg
Short stays
Need flexible accommodation for a short period? Whether you’re on placement, attending an intensive course, visiting academic, adjunct lecturer, or just transitioning into long-term housing, our Short Stays near UWA Crawley Campus provide convenient, fully furnished options to meet your needs with trusted partners within Crawley and neighbouring suburbs.

Short stays available
Image of an information sign in regional Western Australia
Rural and regional campus accommodation
Studying at a UWA rural or regional campus? We also offer accommodation in locations such as Albany and other regional study hubs. These facilities and curated accommodation partners are designed to help you settle into regional life with ease—providing access to local support networks, community living, and academic resources.

Explore regional accommodation
Back to top
The University of Western Australia
35 Stirling Highway
Perth WA 6009 Australia

(+61 8) 6488 6000

Emergency
(+61 8) 6488 2222

CRICOS 00126G | PRV12169, Australian University

Accessibility
Ask UWA
Terms of use
Jobs
Privacy
Staff portal
The University of Western Australia acknowledges all the Traditional Owners of lands across Australia, including the Whadjuk Noongar people at the Boorloo (Perth) campus and the Menang Noongar people at the Kinjarling (Albany) campus. We recognise and celebrate that Traditional Owners remain the cultural custodians of their lands, and continue to practise their values, languages, beliefs, and knowledge.

Original illustration by Artist Dr Richard Barry Walley OAM

Indigenous Portfolio

Group of 8 Member
This page